Scalability refers to allowing your system to handle growing workloads, which can apply to multiple layers, such as the application 
server, web app, and database. Scalability helps you fulfill user demand without impacting application performance, resulting
in higher business returns.

Horizontal scaling: In horizontal scaling, the team adds more servers to handle increasing workloads. Let’s say your application can
handle 1,000 requests per second with two server instances, for example. As your user base grows, the application receives 2,000 requests per second, which 
means you may want to double your application instances to four to handle the increased load.

Vertical scaling:It is a practice in which the team adds additional computer storage capacity and memory power to the same server 
to handle increasing workloads.The vertical scaling model may be less cost-effective, however; when you purchase hardware with 
more computing power and memory capacity, the cost increases exponentially. Vertical scaling is most commonly used to scale relational database servers.

Predictive scaling: advanced approach to managing application workloads, particularly useful for scenarios with predictable traffic patterns, 
like those seen on e-commerce websites. By analyzing historical data, organizations can forecast traffic trends and adjust their resources
accordingly. 

Reactive scaling: It is essential for dealing with unforeseen traffic surges, which might be significantly higher than the norm and 
could be triggered by events like flash sales. Under standing the unique traffic patterns for different pages of a website, as well 
as the user navigation path, is crucial for effectively managing these spikes. By identifying which pages can be cached or which 
queries are read-intensive, organizations can strategically offload traffic from the web layer, utilizing content distribution networks 
to manage static content.

Scaling static content: Static content, such as images and videos, plays a crucial role in engaging users on your website. 
However, if not managed properly, these elements can significantly slow down your application’s performance. 
CDN providers (such as Akamai, Amazon CloudFront, Microsoft Azure CDN, and Google CDN) provide locations across the globe where static content 
can be cached from the web server near the user’s location, reducing latency.To scale static content storage, it is recommended to use 
object storage, such as Amazon S3, or an on-premises custom origin, which can grow independently of memory and computer capabilities.